docs(testing): clarify apps & libs can be component tested (#15261)
nrwl/nx: docs/generated/packages/cypress/documents/cypress-component-testing.md

Component testing leverages a build target within your workspace as the base for running the tests. The build target is usually an app within the workspace. By default, the generator attempts to find the build target for you based on the project usage, but you can manually specify the build target to use via the `--build-target` option.

> The configuration generators support both application and library types, so while a `--build-target` flag might be needed, it does not need to the build target of the same project you are trying to add component testing too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configuration generators support both application and library types, so while a `--build-target` flag might be needed, it does not need to be the build target of the same project you are trying to add component testing too.
```

> Component testing leverages a build target within your workspace as the base for running the tests. The build target is usually an app within the workspace. By default, the generator attempts to find the build target for you based on the project usage, but you can manually specify the build target to use via the `--build-target` option.
> 
> The configuration generators support both application and library types, so while a `--build-target` flag might be needed, it does not need to be the build target of the same project you are trying to add component testing too.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Component testing supports both applications and libraries. By default, the generator attempts to find the build target for you based on the project's dependent apps. But you can manually specify the build target to use via the `--build-target` option. Note, in most cases, the build target will be from a different project than the one being configured. The only case where the build targets are from the same project is when the component tests are being added to an application.
```
